how's it going bros my name is GTA
chopper and today we will be playing
some Assassin's Creed 3 online
multiplayer let's get started shall we
now this is the first time of actually
ever well this is going to be the first
time I've actually ever played
Assassin's Creed 3 online but yeah I
I've have played a lot of hit on on my
luck she the story mode about about 20%
now okay yeah 20% and um so hope you
guys enjoy this video but you leave in
the comments below actually if you like
Assassin's Creed 3 now has something to
talk about but I like the loading screen
and everything almost everything about
this game I love there but there are
little things that I hate like the
buttons are a bit touchy and well that's
never stuff I got this game the day
after it came out got the freedom
Edition for it and only guys I'm going
to ask you see how I don't have the
first screen of it
I asked to like put a camera in front of
it well I don't know how to get the full
screen of it like something will mostly
get but um I'm not good but anyway let's
have a look at this
mantra and takes a bit to load actually
so which is very annoying but yeah I've
never played online police will be fun
loading loading art and if you have ps3
they made a new PlayStation Store off
day trip it's so annoying now you can't
search anything by writing it in
yourself you have to choose the winner
and it tells you results for that letter
but um yeah I like I really like this
game and can't wait till Black Ops 2
comes out two more days I'll be picking
it up on the 14th place so it comes out
13th I given that on the 14th uh um yeah
I'm getting the hardens edition just a
normal I wanted to get the care back is
a care package edition but now it's 200
bucks which is super annoying
yeah leave in the comments below if
you've got gotten the what you McCall
work a break a tradition okay I've no
idea to do I've seen um gameplay online
of this but um let's go online get on
the wrap-up stick it
hmm
I was covering up the Kevin for it
camera for a second
what
wasn't working I can't tell if it's
working or not limited mode when you are
not connected ah
mmm
limiting my FSSP
what's this
loading game session booth fuck
Oh
that's like
he's good
okay I guess we might have slots
coloring yeah well who must miss
objective it to go to the team to reach
the neck reason or before the timer and
bed
first time on Joe
is Haley 30 seconds remaining
well I found him down there daddy
ya know what this is bullcrap you know
yes I know this is an online but
hopefully I'll get the next one working
not anyway hope you enjoyed this video
even though I played a five seconds but
I did Saints talk people quite a bit
about some stuff and yeah hope you guys
enjoyed the video and see you next time
fish